c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.pdb
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.Page2.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.Page3.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.DataBinding.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.ListViewPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.Behaviours.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.Messages.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.pdb
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\bin\Debug\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.View.StoreInSqlite.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
