c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.apk
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.dll
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.pdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\helloWorldd.Android.apk
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\helloWorldd.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\helloWorldd.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\girls1.jpg
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\girls2.jpg
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\girls3.jpg
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\girls4.jpg
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.pdb
C:\Users\Anima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
C:\Users\Anima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\helloWorldd\helloWorldd\helloWorldd.Android\obj\Debug\helloWorldd.Android.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
